[12.0] [ADD] Account Clearance Plan (#969)
OCA/account-financial-tools: account_clearance_plan/readme/USAGE.rst

To use this module, you need to:

> #. Go to *Invoicing > Accounting > Journal Items* (or any invoices)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to *Invoicing > Accounting > Journal Items*, or *Invoicing > Vendor Bills*, or *Invoicing > Customer Invoices*
```
